Without the help of the backyard man alone and alone
I have grown up in the middle, but now it's really easy with three of them.
If this is a soap yeogida the bench by thawing just fought learn the parable of the two countries
I have.
She had a good idea of ​​the soap that got it.
So take hold of Reference, when you feel Mont
The fact that 10-year-old Sua knows so much is because she loves the main protest.
At night, you have more work to do.
Tell grow just by changing to purple, etc.
The only important thing when raising lizards is temperature and pick
So he looks at Bob and Kang Jun-hee.
[music]
Suyu sit down in a relationship again, ah real sense of concentration pack warmer
I would like to line ligatures
So the room is empty and dies to the center.
Elegant glass cases Suarez is laid on the floor but still good gabwayo
[music]
U
Yesterday cricket Todo peer to none d to feeding it to feed today
I do not.
It's a lot of rain , but I have to go buy crickets.
He says he goes to the house until he takes an hour from the house.
Living in Nonsan is the closest thing to home at home.
In the Reptile Shop, it seems that the taste of Gunwoo and Hydration comes out.
If you do not see why Gunu shut lizard
Among them, what I'm interested in is the
It's a story dragon.
Somewhere in the house, whisper somewhere like this .
So if you look at sign language hard,
It's a snake .
I do not think it's a baby.
What do itsu offices pretty to name
Goals seem Fight
3 you my favorite Sura that today this Ventures Snakes Sweet Honey in the West figured
I'm going to grab a crocodile snake on the arm in Songdo.
Is not it boring if I hold a snake in both hands?
I think it would be nice to be picked up by the number one thumb tang.
Let me make up just deoraguyo 4 ever
Reptile experts were unique,
It's a monster hit damage, so it took ear
Sue's snakes are so
toi Ah Wan subtitles
Yes. He was very young.
Really. Yeah. Some healthy kids
4 4 2 4 3 1 4
If you're in bed for a moment ,
co
Oh o Ah
According to him tip straight Toka uh killing fields
Mom speaks only
I really do not touch the entrance chicken 2w
What does Sua have to do to touch the snake?
But since there ohm and their parents a lot when I was a kid
Natural History Museum yiradeunga beginning because jwotgi to the experience went so much
Even the right man is a professor.
Contact Bizarre would have said a thimble Gardenia so just like normal Mont Oh, I do not
Pacific Tea'll get it pushed to be alone pushed up so soon
After being pressed , he had teeth ,
There is no constraint because it is present .
Can I shake it there knew Qui person
It is least in the hands of two weeks to have a marketing habits
So even to feed you must be careful when taking a bath
[music]
lee
What is a little once or twice a month, but meokyido 3 is a flexible laminar fun studying
I was together.
So let 's move on to the next two positions.
p The crickets remain alive until you eat them.
It also takes care that at least gives you geonwoo be the one to put a
erwin Meals are active
I can not go without you.
This is a special type element.
I want to grow up and have a collar and a walk together .
[music]
Joy of opening rocket water quickly in the state
I'm forces come on the heart becomes like a thousand little one who gave me the lucky color Air
He is the best one, and he is the winner.
There's one.
Heath Card Cooler Jace Summer Cooler I like it more than I have.
You will end up in the summer
The food ever, but the US still
Language and numbers will become monsters
U
Please junshi now open to lump Want to become a new animal and the family
For those who have participated in the program
I have pet food from my company
I will give you 2 dreams
For five five hundred fifty-five
Oh
[music]
Yes.
Ah ah ah ah
Ah
on
Thank you.
[music]